length: 13	Christian Duguay directed this tidy little espionage thriller early in his career.
length: 19	It plays on TV pretty regularly, albeit with some terrific scenes of violence and sex unfortunately trimmed.
length: 20	I finally got around to seeing the theatrical version on a $3 tape from the local video store.
length: 25	Naval officer Aidan Quinn is recruited to impersonate the notorious Carlos the Jackal, and gets a little too caught up in the role.
length: 22	Donald Sutherland Ben Kingsley play Quinn's superiors, with Sutherland a true zealot and Kingsley as the more level-headed one.
length: 14	The first half of this fun flick shows Quinn being trained and indoctrinated.
length: 25	The second half has him out in the field, making love to the Jackal's woman and shooting it out with sundry enemies.
length: 28	The idea is to make the Jackal look like a turncoat to the Russians, and let them take care of the world's most notorious assassin.
length: 9	Things don't exactly play out as planned.
length: 27	At times, I almost expected the cast to break out laughing at some of the corny dialogue, but they all play it very straight.
length: 15	In the end, this is one terrific little thriller that deserves your attention.
length: 39	The Jackal's former mistress teaching the highly proper and very married Quinn to rough her up, lick blood from her face, and then go down on her, alone is worth the price of admission.
length: 63	New Yorkers contemporaneous with this film will recall how reflective of its time it is and how well cast and crew captured America, New York City of that era.<br /><br />Norman Wexler's script delineates the different worlds the various sub groupings live in and Avildsen's direction brings out phenomenal performances all around.
length: 14	Peter Boyle's prodigious talent is on display as never before nor since.
length: 47	Clearly it is the best character portrayal the always likable Dennis Patrick ever accomplished.<br /><br />What I will always remember about JOE is the feeling of having been in a virtual state of shock coming out of the theater.
length: 38	Knowing that what the screen portrayed was seething under the surface in neighborhoods throughout the five boroughs of the City of New York.<br /><br />This film needs to be remembered.
length: 24	I love oddball animation, I love a lot of Asian films, but I didn't love this particular product of Japan.
length: 38	The Fuccons are supposedly an American family (they're all mannequins) who have moved to Japan, and they're somewhat a 50's sitcom type family, with slightly more modern sensibilities at times.
length: 16	The DVD features several very short episodes (like less than 5 minutes each?)
length: 20	and I did not find it to be either funny or entertaining, not even in a weird way.
length: 11	I'm not sure what the appeal is of this.
length: 28	I did pick up on some satire here and there, gosh, who wouldn't, but satire is usually somewhat humorous, isn't it?
length: 12	And nothing I saw or heard rated even a little smirk.
length: 27	I picked this up used and it certainly SOUNDED appealing, but I guess either I'm missing the point or it's just plain LAME.
length: 21	The box even says it's Fuccon hilarious, right there on the front, but I beg to differ.
length: 5	2 out of 10.
length: 16	I have seen this film probably a dozen times since it was originally released theatrically.
length: 20	Anyone who calls this movie trash or horrible just doesn't understand action films or recognize a good one.
length: 43	Perhaps to some the incidents and outcomes may seem far fetched, but in my opinion screenwriter Shane Black ( Lethal Weapon/ Kiss Kiss Bang Bang) crafted one of the most well thought out action adventures you will ever come across.
length: 17	Over the top or not this film flows like clockwork and the action just keeps coming.
length: 17	The final action sequence is one of the best I have ever seen in any film.
length: 7	The cast in this film crackles.
length: 20	Genna Davis gave a tremendous performance and its a damn shame there was never a "LKG" sequel.
length: 30	Samuel L. Jackson is hilarious as her sidekick Mitch a down on his luck private eye trying to help her discover her lost past and make a few bucks.
length: 11	If Baffles me how anyone could not like this film.
length: 10	It packs so many thrills and its so funny.
length: 16	The wisecracks in this film still make me laugh just as hard 10 years later.
length: 28	In my mind the first Matrix film and the Long Kiss Goodnight were easily 2 of the best and most original action flicks of the 90's.
length: 12	Incidentally Shane Black made a fortune when he sold this script.
length: 15	At the time it was the highest selling screenplay and its worth every penny.
length: 33	It's so sad that audiences never gave this movie a chance, cause they would have witnessed Renny Harlins best film and Genna Davis like you have never seen her before.
length: 9	Long live "The Long Kiss Goodnight"!
length: 1	!
length: 16	Don't mind what this socially retarded person above says, this show is hilarious.
length: 29	It shows how a lot of single men are in a bar atmosphere, and also shows that women are not as gullible as men think they are.
length: 20	<br /><br />The contest aspect of the how is really cool and original.
length: 48	Its not the standard reality show that we are all used to now a days.<br /><br />Give it a chance everyone, we are only one episode in, we finally have some Canadian programming that isn't absolute crap.
length: 18	As Canadians what do we normally get, Bon Cop, Bad Cop, or Corner Gas.
length: 36	Come on people show that we are all not as prudish as the previous reviewer.<br /><br />Way to go Comedy Network, giving a new show a chance.
length: 13	The panel is funny and the contestants so far are pretty good.
length: 6	I kind of like JAG.
length: 14	It do have it´s charm but lately it´s to much propaganda in it.
length: 61	For an outsider (a non American) the patriotic feeling can be a bit to much.<br /><br />I don´t like that Rabb and MacKenzie goes from being lawyers (as they were in the early parts of the TV show) to become super heros that stops wars and rescues entire continents.
length: 31	Its almost like watching a recruitment video from the US army.<br /><br />I still watch the show, so it´s not that bad.
length: 22	But i would prefer more episodes when Rabb and MacKenzie investigates military accidents and don´t save the world in the future.
length: 48	please re-watch all 3 series and do not go see this movie, the trailer is completely misleading and the 3 weakest characters in the series stretch a badly thought out 25min TV episode into the most painful 2hrs of my life, truly an awful film.
length: 82	tubbs and edward are in it for a few mins, micky has 1 line, and her lipp just reels out the same tired old puns, also mr briss's accent just changes about 5 times in the film tons of badly acted extras, and really a few laughs that they seem to recycle for 2 hrs i honestly feel this series has been completely ruined by this god-awful piece of crap..........batman and robin all is forgiven
length: 28	I honestly didn't think at first that this movie would make me laugh like hell and admire the great gore effects, boy was I wrong!
length: 31	From the very beginning to the very end the film showed some great gore effects accompanied by spoofs from other titles like "Evil Dead" and "Gremlins".
length: 37	This movie could be compared to Peter Jackson's works of art, though this movie isn't as gory as "Braindead", but I sure wait these guys'll make another splatter movie.
length: 61	Basically an endearingly chintzy and moronic $1.50 version of the nifty early 80's subterranean creature feature favorite "The Boogens," this entertainingly schlocky cheapie centers on a nasty, squirmy, wriggling monster who makes an instant meal out of any unfortunate souls foolhardy enough to go poking around the notoriously off limits Gold Spike Mine.
length: 31	Your standard-issue motley assortment of intrepid boneheads -- hectoring hard-nosed mine boss, cute, but insipid blonde babe, feisty lady geologist, boozy, inexplicably Aussie-accented (!)
length: 55	seasoned old mine hand, charmless doofus, hunky, jolly guy, and, arguably the most annoying character of the uniformly irritating bunch, a nerdy bespectacled aspiring writer dweeb who's prone to speaking in flowery, melodramatic utterances -- trek into the dark, uninviting cave in search of gold.
length: 41	Naturally, these intensely insufferable imbeciles discover that the allegedly abandoned mine is the home of a deadly, ugly, multi-tentacled beast who in time honored hoary B-flick fashion proceeds to gruesomely bag the group one at a time.
length: 103	Directed, co-written, co-produced and co-edited with dumbfounding maladroitness by Melanie Anne Phillips, acted with dismaying flatness by a rank no-name cast, further marred by lethargic pacing, a drably meandering narrative, murky, under-lit, eye-straining cinematography, a shivery, redundantly thudding pseudo-John Carpenter synthesizer score, and a cruddy, herky-jerky stop motion animation wormoid thingie that's only quickly glimpsed at the very end of the movie, this extremely clunky, amateurish and hence quite delectably dreadful would-be scarefest commits all the necessary bad film missteps to qualify as a real four-star stinkeroonie.
length: 43	I liked this show from the first episode I saw, which was the "Rhapsody in Blue" episode (for those that don't know what that is, the Zan going insane and becoming pau lvl 10 ep).
length: 18	Best visuals and special effects I've seen on a television series, nothing like it anywhere.
length: 14	I don't mind sequels; sometimes they're better than the original.
length: 20	However, many times the originals are best left alone....especially when you can't duplicate the cast.
length: 57	One of the big reasons "The Magnificent Seven" was such a hit was the very popular cast.<br /><br />This is hardly the "magnificent seven," when only Yul Brynner returns as one of the members of that famous group in "The Magnificent Seven."
length: 22	With six of the seven guys absent and replaced by much lesser-known actors, this loses its appeal in a hurry.
length: 14	In other words, except for Brynner, these guys have no charisma!
length: 58	This is a like a championship sports team fielding all substitutes except one.<br /><br />Brynner is good, once again: fun to watch, fun to hear with that distinctive deep voice of his, but the story, not just the rest of the crew, is lame.
length: 8	This movie should never have been made.
length: 21	In the original, we cared about the "seven;" in here, we couldn't care less.
length: 21	Early 80's creature feature concerns a long abandoned gold mine that some intrepid miners are determined to check out.
length: 65	Naturally, they find no gold down there but one very hungry monster that slithers along in search of prey.<br /><br />While I have to be honest and admit I found it dull at first (I personally prefer the thematically similar "The Boogens"), it actually grew on me as it went along.
length: 13	Now, the characters aren't too interesting nor the actors either.
length: 14	The closest to an interesting character is Morgan, played by Keith Hurt.
length: 25	In any event, female lead Terri Berland is quite good looking and Rolf Theison makes his domineering jerk an easy person to hate.
length: 48	The writer played by effects man Mark Sawicki wears thin quickly.<br /><br />It begins in a comfortably predictable enough way, with a nighttime set piece in which two victims are claimed to get things off to an acceptable start.
length: 47	The monster itself is intriguing for its design (as you can imagine, it gets revealed a bit at a time until late in the game) and for being the product of stop motion animation when this process was no longer used very much.
length: 25	Director Melanie Anne Phillips (directing under the pseudonym of David Michael Hillman) and crew deserve some credit for their creation of atmosphere.
length: 20	They manage to make the film look quite claustrophobic and gloomy, and their use of lighting works well.
length: 12	The film does build in intensity towards a pretty good ending.
length: 43	Suffice it to say, they do the best they can on their low budget.<br /><br />An obscure little item worth looking into for die-hard horror buffs.<br /><br />7/10
length: 40	<br /><br />In the process of boring you with the wordy, rambling storyline and the complete absence of character development, it manages to enforce a few negative black stereotypes out there.
length: 13	At one point I was wondering if Jesse Helms co-wrote the screenplay.
length: 22	Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure is a cool movie that many kids today can really relate to.
length: 38	It's a well-presented story about a kid who longs for the freedom to do things his way, and how he goes about getting this freedom is only a part of what makes this film interesting.
length: 44	Just forget the itty-bitty disappointments, like the fact that there were only adults in this movie based on a pup's point of view, because that's just 0.5% or less of the movie's wonderful effect on the viewer.
length: 37	Great music, lively acting, talented animation and directing, and a powerful storyline tell a tale of the difference between freedom on the streets of New England and a cozy home with your family.
length: 42	And that no matter how bad things seem, your family and friends are "always there" to help you though any tight spot.<br /><br />I can't wait to get the soundtrack!
length: 22	This is a movie that really makes you think about your life, our culture, family structures and situational actions.
length: 20	I will not give the plot in this post, I think others have beat me to it already.
length: 22	I hope that despite reading opinions on this site, you will take the chance and see this movie for yourself.
length: 30	I went to see this movie with my husband and a friend and I must say, after the movie was over there was total silence in the theater.
length: 23	After a few minutes I looked behind me and everyone in the theater was staring at the screen, lost in thought.
length: 103	This will make you delve deep into your psychological abyss to ponder several things:<br /><br />How much does society influence my life and the lives of my generation?<br /><br />How long does someone have to pay for mistakes that they have made?<br /><br />If there is a second chance given, is it ever realized?<br /><br />Is it better to live in a box or to not live at all?
length: 24	<br /><br />My questions are not intended to show my approval or disapproval of Leland's actions.
length: 28	I do not want my opinion of them to in any way dictate what you will take away from this film so I am not giving it.
length: 5	See it for yourself.
length: 17	I am still lost in thought, attempting to answer my many questions from the film.
length: 11	I enjoyed it greatly and hope that you will too.
length: 17	This film is not trying to answer questions, condone any action or promote any punishment.
length: 37	This movie is trying to make us all evaluate our lives and take off the rose colored glasses that most of us view the world through.<br /><br />Great movie.
length: 5	9 out of 10 stars
length: 18	This movie possesses something most other movies of its genre do not: intelligence and good messages.
length: 24	Accepted, is the story of a kid named Bartleby (Justin Long) who gets rejected by every college he applies to.
length: 10	His parents are incredibly strict, frustrated and disappointed.
length: 28	So, Bartleby and a few other students who face similar problems start a fake college, to pawn themselves off to their parents as college kids.
length: 15	Not everything goes to plan, and the movie is about them winging it.
length: 24	But behind this plot which sounds ridiculous, there are good messages, morals and a new outlook on the American educational system.
length: 21	The college they create "South Harmon Institute of Technology" accepts those who did not get accepted anywhere else.
length: 26	The message is that you do not need "money, tradition, or fancy books- you just need a desire to better yourself."
length: 54	they are a completely unorthodox school, but what the movie teaches is that thats still OK- and different (whether its a person or a school) is not necessarily bad, and that every one no matter should be given the chance to better themselves- despite whether they are 'weird.'
length: 15	its a message of non-comformity and has traces of anti-authority sprinkled in as well.
length: 9	But not only are messages great- its hilarious!
length: 6	haha i laughed very hard.
length: 19	the humor can be subtle but can also be blatant as well, and is a great mix.
length: 3	Fraternities beware.
length: 25	The three shorts included on this compilation issued in 1959 are timeless Chaplin classics, nothing wrong with them and nothing to criticize either.
length: 21	Chaplin's score for these films and the framework added as bridging sections between the shorts are also well done.
length: 13	The problem with this compilation is a minor one, yet annoying.
length: 12	The shorts have been stretch-printed to fit the 24 frame p.s.
length: 15	speed of contemporary films whereas the shorts themselves where shot at 20 frames p.s.
length: 58	This results is jerky motion that doesn't look very attractive, and yet this was an excusable solution given the limitations of optical printing technology at the time, it's just not excusable that the current DVD version is unrestored, the films look dirty as they did in 1959 and are still stretch printed.
length: 82	There are separate restored versions of these classics available, even on DVD, and it would not be a problem to restore the image, but alas this has not been done.<br /><br />A minor quibble has taken up a lot of space in my article, but I say again a minor quibble, it should not detract all that much from the experience although it detracted one point from my rating.
length: 8	The shorts are still worth '10'.
length: 17	I can't say that this movie deserves a ten, because I would be lying.
length: 11	I adored this movie when I saw it, though!
length: 15	It carries the unique bond of a friendship between a teenager and a dolphin.
length: 28	Although it doesn't display the sweetness that Jesse and Willy had in Free Willy, it provides an exciting movie that the whole family will enjoy!
length: 23	If you love marine animals, or if u love just a perfect family film, this movie is suited for YOU!
length: 27	Flipper definitely shows us how adorable dolphins are, and they are playful and could easily be house pets if everyone had a big enough pool!
length: 14	I love whales and dolphins, so obviously this movie works for me.
length: 24	I do think that the producers should have chosen another shark instead of the hammerhead to enhance the antagonist part in the story.
length: 5	Perhaps a great white?
length: 4	FLIPPER IS MAGNIFICENT!
length: 5	So check it out!
length: 23	People call a 976 "party line" to talk dirty to strangers, and perhaps meet up for a sexual liason.
length: 29	A deranged, somewhat incestuous sister and occasional transvestite brother use the line to find people to kill, usually married men, but they don't discriminate!
length: 22	A pair of sixteen year old girls also call the line for fun, pretending to be older, of course.
length: 52	One of them works as a babysitter for a married man who's hot for her (or anyone).<br /><br />Meanwhile, a vice cop is borrowed by homicide when he's the first to discover one of the siblings' victims.
length: 24	He's teamed with a female assistant of the District Attorney.<br /><br />Nothing too special here.
length: 13	Richard Roundtree has little more than a cameo as the police chief.
length: 20	One of the dirty-talking sixteen year olds is played by an actress who also voiced Peanuts character Peppermint Patty!
length: 20	According to the IMDb, the other died quite young, just several years after this movie: sad.
length: 53	it seems like if you are going to post here it going to be a 10 star rating ,nobody ever seems to dislike anything ,well i am honest, some don't like that but here we go, rachel ray show is just plain awful.!!!!!
length: 120	!, this show reminds me of the snl character linda whatever if she had a cooking -whatever show.i must say i liked rachel on the food network on $35-$40 a day but i am sorry she does not have enough life experience to make her interesting day in and day out,give me ham on the street, anthony bourdain , interesting folks,but most of all i find her annoying, she actually told a member of the studio audience to "shut up" yes in a kidding way but shut up is shut up, and who cares about her pet stories, sorry rachel you been cancelled!!!
length: 1	!
length: 50	Granny is definitely one of the worst horror movies ever made in the history of cinema.<br /><br />The script was diabolical, so bad in fact that I was almost crying with laughter at some of the things they came out with.
length: 30	The acting was almost as bad, they would have been better off casting traffic cones to play the roles (they would have done a better job).
length: 89	The murders were laughable, the suspense was non existent, the camera work was ineffective and the "major" plot twist at the end was disgustingly inappropriate, it just gets worse and worse.<br /><br />"The Granny" is possibly one of the most unthreatening "villains" caught on film, she looks like she is wearing a cheap mask from the supermarket (the nylon hair caused endless amounts of laughter) and a frilly nightgown.
length: 9	Would you be scared by that???
length: 39	I certainly wasn't.<br /><br />If you like watching bad movies (see Manos, Troll 2, Michael Bay films &#61514; ) then this is a must see.
length: 22	Those who don't like bad movies and don't enjoy laughing at shockingly bad dialogue, avoid like the plague.
length: 20	Whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie obviously never consulted any books about Lucille Ball, especially her autobiography.
length: 27	I've never seen so many mistakes in a biopic, ranging from her early years in Celoron and Jamestown to her later years with Desi.
length: 18	I could write a whole list of factual errors, but it would go on for pages.
length: 26	In all, I believe that Lucille Ball is one of those inimitable people who simply cannot be portrayed by anyone other than themselves.
length: 24	If I were Lucie Arnaz and Desi, Jr., I would be irate at how many mistakes were made in this film.
length: 14	The filmmakers tried hard, but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me.
length: 22	Anthony Wong stars in both this and the original (far superior) Untold Story, but the similarities stop there.
length: 41	Wong doesn't reprise his role obviously, and instead plays a bumbling policeman who gets involved with a rather suspicious female, Fung (1994's Miss Singapore, Paulyn Sun) who's a repressed nut-job, sure.
length: 33	But her tame jealous "wanna be with a guy who's with a girl" killer is no where near as compelling as what Wong played in the first one.
length: 10	The movie itself seems tired and by the numbers.
length: 104	Yeung Fan as the physcho's love interest's unfaithful girl tries to keep one from total boredom by stripping down whenever possible, and Sun does have a nice ass, but even that can't save this dud.<br /><br />My Grade: D <br /><br />Mei Ah DVD Extras: Sub-titled interviews with Cheung Kam Ching & Paulyn Sun; Anthony Wong filmography; a very brief synopsis; Theatrical trailer for the film; & trailers for "Chinese Erotic Ghost Story" and "Twenty Something"
length: 7	Wow, this film was terrible.
length: 7	It is as simple as that.
length: 19	It is actually the first time that I walked out early, as far as I can remember.
length: 51	This turned out okay, though: I had a very nice chat with two most charming girls while we all waited for the rest to finally give up on that crap they called a "movie".<br /><br />Where to start.
length: 6	Bad acting, bad jokes.
length: 10	Faecal humour, which I simply cannot stand.
length: 14	Sorry, but snot, pee and scat are *not* funny.
length: 7	You have seen the title picture?
length: 32	That scene actually drags on for about 5 minutes, with the two "heroes" hitting and mutilating each other, which is supposed to be humorous all by itself.
length: 28	It is not.<br /><br />Apart from body fluids, violence and cross-dressing, I do not remember much about this.
length: 6	At least not much good.
length: 12	I was really, really disappointed by this piece of garbage.
length: 43	Or let us be honest here: given that I am actually a big fan of "british" (i.e., black) humour, I was angry.<br /><br />So, want my advice?
length: 7	Three words: do not watch.
length: 15	My mistake for thinking this was a serious war-is-hell movie prior to seeing it.
length: 15	That all ended seconds into the film when the "MTV" logo appeared.
length: 13	It might as well been called "National Lampoon's Sexy-N-Loose."
length: 33	And it did play to the "MTV" crowd; the movie that followed those comical first few seconds played like the music videos they used to play 40+ years ago.
length: 23	At least Disney was smart enough to ship its Rated R stuff over to Touchtone and allowed us to take it seriously.
length: 16	Okay, I'm being harsh; it wasn't that bad of a film.
length: 16	However, it definitely has its share of overacting and the film is extremely biased/one-sided.
length: 10	Admittedly, I'm not a war movie buff.
length: 20	I can't watch 'Platoon,' 'Full Metal Jacket' or 'Saving Private Ryan' more than once.
length: 35	Sure they were good movies, but they're not my forte and they all seem to blend in after awhile to where I wouldn't be able to distinguish one from the next.
length: 25	Following a tour in Iraq, Phillippe plans life after the war but is drawn back in due to a clause in his contract.
length: 28	Or, at least, that's the military's plan until he goes AWOL and the characters speed cross-country on a few bucks amazingly never caught.
length: 21	No, I haven't been in any war, nor to Iraq, nor do I agree with it.
length: 18	I also don't have all the knowledge when it comes to recruitment or signing their contracts.
length: 34	I can say this: though I am sorry they're drawn back into this conflict, I can't feel too much for someone so dumb not to read the fine print.
length: 32	It's like someone on their deathbed leaning over to finally read the Surgeon General's warning on their box of cigarettes and say, "Oh, they're what?
length: 2	Deadly?
length: 6	I'll sue them!"
length: 27	What's fun about Barker's Nightbreed is that it's the story of a human on a rampage, a deadly threat to monsters everywhere.
length: 21	In this one, the monsters (the night breed of the title) are the "good" guys.
length: 30	It shares its sense of celebrating the different, the twisted, and the dark with the first Addams Family movie, and much of Tim Burton's work.
length: 42	It also has the goriness that one expects from a piece by Barker.<br /><br />Especially fun is the performance by Cronenberg as the truly evil human doctor who is bent on destroying the Nightbreed.
length: 20	As happens in most classic monster movies, the villagers surround the monsters' castle with torches and pitchforks.
length: 25	Only this time, the modern setting replaces the castle with an old mausoleum and the rustic "weapons" with guns and bombs.
length: 53	And this time the sympathy you felt when you saw Frankenstein's monster burned in the windmill is the very center of the movie.<br /><br />This isn't a masterpiece, and even Barker has done more interesting, and certainly more chilling, work.
length: 17	But it's pure fun, it looks great, and remains light without mocking itself.
length: 4	Worth a look!
length: 27	I'm glad I read the Sarah Waters novel first, since I had my own pictures of the characters in my head at the time.
length: 42	The ones cast for this production, however, were not at all disappointing - in fact, after I got used to Rachael Stirling as Nan, I think Nina Gold did a damn fine job in the casting department.
length: 9	(Can Keeley Hawes be more delicious?!
length: 36	)<br /><br />The BBC has done it again: this is a wonderful production of a very good book, and they have done it up in style.
length: 26	If you can get your hands on this (VHS, DVD) be sure to get the 181-minute version (the uncensored one.)
length: 20	It is a marvelous journey, albeit a bit rocky at times, that you won't regret taking.
length: 18	Had I known to what I was submitting myself, I would have fled from the theater.
length: 13	The film is dreadful, in the literal sense of the word.
length: 47	Despite striking images, intriguing locales, and a subject matter that might have been fascinating, the film is dead.<br /><br />I was unfamiliar with this period of Greek history, and prepared to experience a great film.
length: 7	The filmmakers's hand is heavy.
length: 46	it is not enough to see a train going by; we must watch it from afar, we must watch it car by car, we must see the smoke, we must see it slow down, and we must see it stop.
length: 7	The director's approach is didactic.
length: 14	Likewise, the characters that he creates never develop, they never change.
length: 15	They are so stereotypic that we wonder, are they meant to be Everyman?
length: 2	Everygirl?
length: 2	Everyoldmusician?
length: 8	Is there some point to this allegory?
length: 15	It is the most pretentious film that I have seen in a long while.
length: 31	Yes 1939/Robert Donat-Greer Garson version was the best...Perfection..Donat won the Oscar in a very tough year..Gable in GWTW & James Stewart as Mr. Smith.
length: 6	were 2 of his competitors.
length: 7	.wow was that a rough year..
length: 8	Most critics in NY hated this version.
length: 5	so.didnt see in theatre!
length: 59	Finally saw this A.M. on TCM & enjoyed..Peter O'Toole was excellent & glad he was Oscar nominated for this,,& esp pleased Oscar finally gave him a special award this past year... Petula Clark was good as Mrs. Chips but her character,i feel was poorly written...Some good songs esp.
length: 16	You & I... sung by Ms.Clark & later recorded by many others including T.Bennett/S.
length: 38	Bassey & Carmen MacRae.... the b&w version was more authentic.. but this is a good film beautifully photographed in color & panavision... enjoyable worth seeing & Bravo, again, Mr. O'Toole!
length: 11	This movie purports to be a character study of perversion.
length: 38	Some reviewers have been gulled into assuming that because perversion is depicted, the film is psychologically deep; actually, considering the salacious material, it is surprisingly tedious and shallow, with no motivational substance.
length: 10	Why is the main character the way she is?
length: 9	You won't find out from the script.
length: 23	For a better treatment of the same theme (and a more entertaining movie), try Bunuel's Belle de Jour.
length: 6	This is a must-see movie.
length: 20	You will laugh, you will cry, and when it's over you'll wish there were more.
length: 14	Well-written and compelling, this movie draws you in and holds on tight.
length: 14	The casting was perfect, the characters purposeful, and the performances outstanding.
length: 24	"Nanny" is the standard to which all women should hold themselves: strong, forgiving, protective, and never judgmental.
length: 27	"Nanny", to me, is the epitome of what a Christian mother and woman should be: a true pillar of the community.
length: 20	If I were half the woman "Nanny" is, I might consider myself to be doing okay.
length: 35	I would have been devastated if "Nanny" had died at some point in the movie, but since she didn't I will definitely buy this when it comes out on DVD.
length: 30	I can only hope that the story continues and that Ruben goes back to Lackawanna to try to rebuild the town, piece by piece and person by person.
length: 10	Ah, the classic genre of 80s sex comedies.
length: 19	This is set on two beaches; one a nude beach featuring myriad (fully) unclothed women.
length: 3	The plot?
length: 11	Something about a bunch of dimwits attempting to get laid.
length: 3	The usual.
length: 16	Fans of gratuitous T&A (and P) should hunt this one down.
length: 7	This was on TV last night.
length: 14	I painfully forced my way through it, and barely made it through.
length: 30	First of all, except for Leroy, Hilary, and possibly Coco, NONE of the other students we are supposed to care about have any discernible talent.
length: 19	It's like HSPA had no standards, just sign on the dotted line and you're in.
length: 16	<br /><br />The story lines were grating and obvious.
length: 6	Doris was just impossibly awful.
length: 46	The gay guy was such a thrown away cliché (funny how that school had only one gay guy, right...) I liked the Leroy character, but calling your teacher an obscenity and then vandalizing the school should have sent Leroy packing.
length: 25	Lisa looks like she'd rather be anywhere else, and since she wasn't any talent, I wonder why they kept her.
length: 34	<br /><br />I would have rated this one star (awful), but the music wasn't that bad, and I did like the premise.
length: 19	It just would have worked much better if the students had been attractive and actually had some talent.
length: 27	Its a sin how these things are made, but then again we wouldn't get to see the best "Dummy scene" ever filmed.
length: 30	Ahhh the beauty of low budget Bigfoot flicks, you lean to see the beauty the more you watch them, thats if your brain doesn't melt first.
length: 13	As I said before, this has the best dummy scene ever!
length: 13	Words cant express it, you have to see it for yourself.
length: 35	Wonderful lines such as "Smells like decain flesh", "Thems human..."(You will know this one when you see it) The creature makes a Blah, Blah!
length: 23	sound and the scene where the baby gets shot will make you cry(with laughter) you will be rewinding it.
length: 19	Has a car chase, snowmobile chase, a Bigfoot folk song as well as a Disco song.
length: 20	It dosn't end there, while watching the credits a friend noticed "Wardrobe provided by K-Mart".
length: 18	You ask, how could you even get as far as the credits and then watch them?
length: 36	I could only explain this as a sort of shock to the brain, you are so mentally exhausted you cant move and also I guess you have to know who was behind the mess.
length: 19	All that being said, this is a must see especially if you want to punish yourself mentally.
length: 4	Its a keeper!
length: 14	In my opinion dads army is thee best British sitcom of all time.
length: 58	I believe that if you just watch one episode of the show you cannot judge in completely on that one episode, (this include the movie) You must at least watch a series of this show, get inside the characters, become familiar with there surroundings and the situations which they are in.
length: 15	When you become familiar with the show then it will start appealing to you.
length: 20	Now the movie has a few changes to the series which is slightly disappointing, but it still works.
length: 14	Watch a series or two of the show first before you watch this.
length: 6	You'll not be disappointed.
length: 11	Good episode to watch is "No Spring for Frazer"
length: 25	This story focuses on the birth defect known as FAS, or Fetal Alcohol Syndrome, a disease diagnosed too often among Native Americans.
length: 23	In spite of the down-beat nature of this drama, the great script and the characterizations move the story along very well.
length: 7	This is arguably Smits best performance.
length: 26	Like the other comments says, this might be surprise to those who haven't seen the work of Jeunet & Caro or Emir Kusturica.
length: 15	But have you already seen Delicatessen, there is nothing new it this film.
length: 23	I thought Delicatessen was great when it came out, but this film just arrive too late to be of any interest.
length: 31	I don't think it's a worse film than Delicatessen but it's a bore to see it now, like it probably would be to watch Delicatessen again.
length: 18	There is really no point to the film, nothing that really matter or stays with you.
length: 36	There may be a distant similarity to the films of Kusturica, but he's really in a different league, so you should rather go see his films than waste your time on Tuvalu.
length: 10	This is a really good flick with awesome humor.
length: 56	Jim Verney as we know was very good with facial expressions and demonstrates a lot of it in this movie.This is definitely the best of the Ernest films.I would surely recommend it to any Ernest fan out there.i find myself to have great taste in movies and I'm sure anyone will enjoy this movie.
length: 22	In the movie ,(Ernest) plays 2 roles, bad guy and good guy and plays them quite well.
length: 39	I really enjoy exaggeration type humor where things just seem impossible,like in the naked gun films for example, and there is plenty of it in this movie.I bought this movie right after i saw it.
length: 9	Good directing, good script, worth renting.
length: 33	I gave this a 10 because it's the best film of its kind...a good old-fashioned T & A film in the shadow and spirit of "Animal House."
length: 29	I saw this with a similar film called "Swap Meet" and both were good of their type...a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
length: 21	Let's be honest...there are more breasts in this movie than one could imagine for an R-rated movie.
length: 31	From beginning to end, they just seem to keep showing up on screen (sunbathing scenes, bedroom scenes and, of course, the climactic football game).
length: 13	Also, a memorable kissing booth (kiss me, Clutz!)
length: 29	Everybody seems to be having a good time in their roles (several Playboy Playmates, Danny Bonaduce, several familiar TV and movie actors, etc.).
length: 47	The only complaint I have to register is that Lisa London's character is called by her last name "O'Hara" and not a good 1970s name like "Olivia" (or even Ora or Ona or O...??!!).
length: 31	I saw this again in the late 1980s with my now ex-wife (pretty well endowed herself) and she couldn't believe I was actually enjoying the movie!!
length: 6	She was probably jealous!!
length: 21	Again, this movie is a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon...just don't think too hard!
length: 107	Asia Argento is a sexy beautiful woman who likes to run around naked which isn't a bad thing in it's self, but, when her character talks about all the guys she serviced, and to see her with Michael Madsen and an Asian guy in the present tense of the movie, it made me feel like I needed a condom over my eyes to watch this movie, like a disease was going to rub off on me or something.<br /><br />The movie felt like it was going for a love triangle/drama/action/???
length: 15	plot, it just seemed to go everywhere and nowhere at the same time.
length: 12	The acting was great, the plot, not so great.
length: 37	The director needs to at least pick a genre and practice, practice, practice, before trying to do something as complicated as this again, because they are not very good at it obviously.
length: 4	... a recommendation!
length: 47	Gloria Grahame runs the kind of orphanage where discipline is imparted with a meat cleaver, orphans are hung on meat hooks to punish them and the bodies are kept in the deep freeze so that they can be brought out for when social services call.
length: 52	That the orphanage is strapped for cash we know because Gloria puts all the orphans to work, and also because there don't seem to be enough clothes to go round - especially for the older nubile female orphans (age range appears to be 12 - 30 ish).
length: 42	The new arrival, however, turns out to be more than a match for Gloria - and has indeed just taken out her own mother & mother's lover (in a witty claw hammer and arson opening scene).
length: 11	Predictably, Gloria ends up on a meat hook herself.
length: 19	This one was made for about tuppence but was/is a HUGE HUGE HUGE hit on the grindhouse circuit.
length: 19	My DVD cover promised "disturbing and politically incorrect scenes", and it sure wasn't lying.
length: 16	I believe it is regarded as the Citizen Kane of orphanage set torture porn movies.
length: 1	4/10
length: 20	Jessica is a young, virginal and very innocent girl who lives with her aunt on a remote ranch.
length: 17	Jessica is also a powerful psychic, capable of dowsing, retro-cognition, precognition and esp.
length: 33	When young and handsome Gordon Hawthorne comes to visit, he is instantly skeptical of Jessica's powers...until her skills uncover a lost wristwatch and unearth an ancient treasure chest.
length: 27	However, the treasure chest holds the severed head of a centuries dead satanist named Gideon Drew, whose powers are far stronger than Jessica's.
length: 24	Despite her warnings of the evil in their midst, Drew manages to mentally enslave everyone unfortunate to make eye contact with him.
length: 8	But Drew wants Jessica most of all.
length: 25	He needs her dowsing skills to unearth his body, so that he can rise from the dead and rule over the human race.
length: 42	Will Jessica's powerful fleur de lis, combined with Gordon's love, ward the ancient evil off before it can destroy them all?<br /><br />This isn't a very interesting movie.
length: 31	It certainly could have been - the basic story is interesting and imaginative, but the acting is leaden and the whole thing moves much too slowly to hold interest.
length: 25	Jessica is also too innocent - almost annoyingly so, and Gordon, her love interest, is wooden, stiff and totally emotionless.
length: 16	None of the characters are very likable, and the low budget is painfully obvious.
length: 9	A rushed ending also doesn't help matters.
length: 9	Avoid, unless it's the MST3K version.
length: 34	For those who are like me and are used to watch and enjoy high budget Hollywood films, on huge screens with a surround audio, this film seems to be so distant.
length: 17	However it surprised me how close can it be to any human while I watch it.
length: 17	It is so natural that you feel like nobody wrote a scenario or nobody directed it.
length: 15	You are the director and you are writing the scenario while you watch it.
length: 22	For me, the time I spend on watching a film is the only time which I go to another world.
length: 35	This film is the first sample for me which shows that it is not always a must to watch millions of dollars of budgeted films, surround audio capabilities to go to another world.
length: 28	This films sends you to another world (or maybe makes you return back to yourself) without millions of dollars of budget, or technical capabilities.
length: 11	I felt like that I'm reading L'etranger from Camus.
length: 86	Although it might seem a bit bizarre to see a 32-year-old woman play the part of a 12-year-old, Mary Pickford soon makes you forget the incongruities and simply enjoy the fun.<br /><br />Mary is a street kid in New York City, with her own lovable gang of mischief makers, whose attentions are engaged by the older William Haines (he was 25 at the time & just on the cusp of his own screen stardom.
length: 22	)<br /><br />To give away too much of the plot would not be fair.
length: 24	Suffice it that Mary is great fun to watch & amply displays why she was Hollywood's first and most beloved super star.
length: 18	Production values are very good, with lots of extras making the NYC street scenes quite believable.
length: 7	This movie beats everything out there.
length: 22	Well, depends on what you are looking for... it could be a 10 or a 1 on the scale.
length: 11	This movie is in a complete league of its own..
length: 13	I don't think any movie could possibly come close to it.
length: 19	I am not sure what the director intended to make it as.. a thriller or a comedy.
length: 30	If he did think he was making a thriller, then he has by a stroke of luck, created one of the best bollywood comedies of all time.
length: 85	You have to see it to believe it.. a matrix + terminator + a host of other movies rolled into one, along with a storyline dating back to 1980's Hindi movies, with a icchadhari naag (a mythical snake which can turn into a human).<br /><br />Its an ideal movie if you are sitting with a bunch of friends with alcohol on the side, planning to laugh at the movie!
length: 31	I am not sure whether to give it a 1 or a 10.. On the basis of flipping a coin, I have decided to give it a 1!
length: 26	I bought this film from my local blockbuster for 99p an it's been sitting in my video bookcase for at least a year now.
length: 71	Then tonight I decided to see it, the film was quite different to what I had expected and I didn't find any humour in it all I saw was that it was a bleak look at people dealing with love relationships and sexual orientation and I didn't really see the psycho killer plot really having a point except to add tension to the end of the film.
length: 14	I felt that the person playing the lesbian woman did a great job.
length: 11	I was following her emotions and what happened around her.
length: 41	Some people would probably have seen some of the stuff that she does as funny but I could really put myself in her place, loving someone but them rejecting you at every turn no matter how hard you try.
length: 17	I thought it was a very moving film and dealt with all the different sexualities well.
length: 21	I was expecting something like Bound & Gagged : A love story, but this is a very different film.
length: 4	Not for bigots.
length: 11	When the episode was made and aired Eisenhower was President.
length: 28	Kennedy was President-Elect.<br /><br />As for the episode, it was a passable episode, if not a bit earnest.
length: 66	"The Professor" shows not much range here, and the whole thing seems a little rushed (a lot of episodes of the TZ seem to not fit the time slot, some seeming like they're crammed in and rushed, some with little or nothing to it spread out over the half hour, and some, of course fit).
length: 20	I guess you just expect a little more tension than to be taken back to some rooms and drugged.
length: 6	But overall a decent episode.
length: 56	Indeed the "what if" motif of time travel is a nugget in itself and sets the table of with basic interest.<br /><br />7 out of 10, considering there were a lot of TZ episodes not quite as good, and some a great deal better.
length: 16	Absolute must see documentary for anyone interested in getting to the bottom of this story.
length: 9	Told with unflinching eye and with gripping style.
length: 17	If you think conspiracy theories are for paranoid disturbed people, this could change your mind.
length: 13	Something for you feds too: A good model for government coverups!
length: 17	If you like your news all tidy and easy to consume this is not for you.
length: 18	I really wanted to see this film - I thought the plot was really unique and intriguing.
length: 22	A cop (Andy Garcia) has a son who is dying and needs bone marrow replacement in order to live.
length: 14	The only match is a convicted serial killer, who escapes from jail.
length: 34	To save his son he has to track down the killer.<br /><br />Michael Keaton plays the convict in one of many disappointing aspects of the film.
length: 15	Keaton is a great actor at times but here he is pretty much boring.
length: 36	It's over-the-top to the point where you just stop caring.<br /><br />Garcia is better but tries too hard for a film that isn't up to par.
length: 79	Barbet Schroeder (at one time such a promising director with films like "Barfly" that amounted to pretty much nothing in the American market) directs well enough - I honestly thought the script was the culprit here...it's just a big mess.<br /><br />The film ultimately wastes a lot of good material, good actors and a good director - all because of a faulty script.
length: 16	What should have been a tense and thought-provoking film is just a Hollywood action dud.
length: 5	What an awful movie.
length: 16	Full of cliches, perplexing scenes, very bad acting, and an atrotious script.
length: 24	It is hard to believe the same guys that wrote The People vs. Larry Flint and Man on the Moon wrote this garbage.
length: 14	Man, this makes my list of Top 10 Worst Movies of All-Time.
length: 25	Didn't this guy, this director, if you can call him that, realize that the first Problem Child was bad enough?
length: 11	Let alone make a sequel for it!!??
length: 18	Amazing that piece of trash films like this can be shown to children let alone be released!
length: 6	1 out of 10 *'s
length: 44	Deepa Mehta, Arundhati Roy and a host of other so called intellectuals get the title of intellectuals because of the fact that they love portraying India and hinduism in a bad light...and Deepa Mehta makes her money from it anyway.
length: 22	Anyway Hindus are too gentle or scared to protest the way muslims protest so anybody can take any liberties with Hinduism.
length: 42	And it is a fact that during the 1930's women in the west were also illtreated when they were widowed...just that nobody likes to point out anything bad about the west or anything other than India and Hindus.
length: 14	She paints an inncorrect portrayal of India and the situation of widows there.
length: 10	Nowhere is it mentioned that child marriage is illegal.
length: 13	She ended the movie saying there are 34 million widows in India.
length: 14	Of course among a billion people, there will be that many widows.
length: 14	But how many are living life she has depicted in the movie??
length: 12	Deepa Mehta finally is selling India and poverty to make dollars.
length: 3	How pathetic....
length: 26	I've never been a big Larry Clark fan, but somehow, I've been dragged to almost every single one of his movies.
length: 32	Now, I like independent films, and I grew up very much into punk rock, and I'd like to say that this film is disappointing to both audiences.
length: 9	Not every punk song incorporates "Oi!"
length: 43	into its choruses, as they do in this particular film.<br /><br />But the real problem with this film is that it switches moods every fifteen minutes or so and lacks any kind of cohesion.
length: 48	Clark has made his living pretending that his fictionalized stories are "how kids really are," and as such, you'll allow him ten minute scenes of stupid dialog that go nowhere, because that's the cinema verite feel he's going for.
length: 64	However, when he shoots a ridiculous death scene (pick any of them, save for the opening drive-by), the over-stylized attempts at what I assume is intended to be black humor are completely out of context, ridiculously shot (in most cases, far worse than a student film) and absolutely ludicrous in terms of the story.
length: 45	John Cassavettes and "Date Movie" make poor bedfellows, as the forays into the latter style take you out of any kind of reality to remind you that you're watching a movie - a really, really bad one at that.
length: 19	Simply an amazing bittersweet movie that portrays a side of life often skipped over in feel good movies.
length: 60	I saw this as a child and came back to it very recently and fell in love again.<br /><br />As a child it sparked my interest purely for the building of a plane, as an adult it captured me in the dark world and a young mans escape from that world.
length: 89	<br /><br />The portrayal of the King was great, the camera style chosen with low shots and shots focusing on actions and hand movements was I thought well done, I personally can not recall anything quite done in that style and adds to the character and portrays him as a force almost not human (which may not be far from reality) it makes for interesting developments <br /><br />Worth a watch any day
length: 45	When Melville's "Pierre; or The Ambiguities" hit bookstores in 1852, his first publication since "Moby Dick" a year earlier, the public response was similar to that found among the IMDB reviews of "POLA X".
length: 11	Newspapers even published headlines like: "Melville Insane!"
length: 9	which, of course, he wasn't.
length: 39	But, when one compares the writing styles found in "Moby Dick" and "Pierre," one finds in the latter a sharp departure from the simple and often declamatory style found in the former.
length: 25	Clearly, he was mimicking the overly florid style of the now-forgotten Victorian Romances that were easily outselling his immortal "Moby Dick."
length: 26	He was not content, however, to turn out the sort of product that his publishers wanted, and that surely would have sold.
length: 21	His version of a Victorian romance was a twisted, cynical one, perhaps, but brilliant in its synthesis.
length: 12	The alternate title: "The ambiguities" is quite appropriate.
length: 24	As Pierre searches for, and thinks he finds, truth, we become more and more uncertain what and whom to believe.
length: 40	As he searches for happiness, he becomes more and more miserable.<br /><br />"POLA X" is a fascinating adaptation of this novel, set in modern or nearly modern France.
length: 43	Though, in some ways, it leaves little to the imagination, and shows us graphically the incestuous relations that Melville could only hint at, the ambiguities which make the novel and its message so alluring are perfectly in tact.
length: 53	The questions it raises are ones that few films have thought to ask, yet the answers are left to the viewer.<br /><br />I recommend a reading of the novel, which is much shorter than "Moby Dick," before seeing this movie.
length: 9	I hope more people discover this tantalizing film.
length: 13	I saw this film when it first came out in the cinema.
length: 23	We were all looking forward to seeing Mark Hamill relaunch his career, but we came out wishing we hadn't bothered.
length: 16	Many people walked out after about half an hour - I wish I had too.
length: 22	The basic premise seems okay, but the plot was ridiculously involved and tortuous, and runs out half way through.
length: 17	Its completely unmemorable, and not a film you want to have paid money to see.
length: 31	If you're really bored and it's on TV, then it'll help you kill a couple of hours (or help you to nod off!).
length: 1	2/10
length: 5	God, that sucked.
length: 13	You can't end a horror movie with a happily-ever-after family setting.
length: 2	Yeash.
length: 12	I was kind of ambivalent going in to the final act.
length: 5	But, my god.
length: 45	He didn't have to kill the girl, she didn't die, the ghost father appears with a cure (which makes no sense, because his spirit would have been liberated after the yank kid killed all the bad werewolves).
length: 6	What a hunk of junk.
length: 24	This is the worst horror movie I've seen in a long time, and I've watched a lot of horror movies.
length: 19	This is a slap in the face for Landis and everyone else involved in American Werewolf in London.
length: 2	Blegh.
length: 16	I hope that this ruined the career of every one in it bar Julie Delphy.
length: 27	And CGI: Kind of new and chic back in 1997, but today it just looks drab compared to the artful prosthetic/makeup work of London.
length: 16	Anyway, I'm done, I hope I've scared a few people of.
length: 11	Get the original instead, or failing that The Howling.
length: 8	Or failing that watch American Idol reruns.
length: 7	Just don't watch this mess.
length: 28	I am a fifth grade language arts teacher, and after we read this book (which the students loved), then we watched the movie.
length: 5	They laughed out loud!
length: 8	Unfortunately, it's NOT a comedy!
length: 24	The acting was so awful, I felt like I was watching a bunch of kids in the neighborhood putting on a play.
length: 17	My students were mimicking the lines and making fun off and on the whole way through.
length: 15	I have to agree with them, at times, it was pretty bad.
length: 23	Still, I would show it to students again, just for fun, and to compare the film with the book.
length: 38	We did a Venn Diagram (teachers know what that is) afterward, to show what was the same in both and what were the differences, so there is an educational value in showing it.
length: 21	I noticed that another adaptation is being filmed for 2005 so we can only hope the acting will be better!
length: 10	Sony Pictures Classics, I'm looking at you!
length: 27	Sony's got the rights to Harry records -- you need to distribute the film and you'll get radically increased sales of his back catalog!
length: 40	Anyhow, this is a great study of a fascinating musician, woefully underknown, full of great stories, greater music, and it could have been 3 hours longer and I'd have loved it even more.
length: 26	Saw it at the American Cinemateque Mods & Rockers Festival at the Aero Theatre in Santa Monica, where it played to a packed house.
length: 9	They were turning people away at the door!
length: 34	I went to many of the Mods & Rockers festival films, and let me assure you that no other film came even close to selling out, let alone turning people away.
length: 28	See it in the theatre, buy the DVD, and make sure some slow-on-the-uptake company [*cough SONY cough*] picks it up ASAP!
length: 21	A unique blend of musical, film-noir and comedy - with a few sex scenes thrown in for good measure.
length: 56	The only other film I can think of with a fairly similarly wild and madcap mixture of themes and clichés is the French movie Billy Ze Kick - but that has a more surreal and quirky approach.<br /><br />Not that this film would not be surreal or quirky.
length: 24	The humour is at times quite subtle, at other times blatantly in your face - and often crossing the border to offensiveness.
length: 37	To give an example: in the post-coital chit-chat with a prostitute our hero Max Müller encourages her to reveal who was responsible for a recent murder, using the words "Schiess los!".
length: 9	Literally, this phrase means "Shoot!"
length: 15	in German, and that is exactly what a hidden assassin does in response.
length: 37	In other words - this beautiful lady was sacrificed for a pun.<br /><br />Müllers Büro is also one of the very rare examples of films with funny sex scenes.
length: 52	Larry's romance is accompanied by the song "Ich will mehr" (I want more) - while the song perfectly underpins the action, the meaning of its words changes a couple of times, hinting at the end at Larry's inability of providing any further service.
length: 59	The film's main love scene between Max Müller and Bettina Kant lacks such subtlety - this is jaw-dropping stuff, especially when Bettina's singing slowly transgresses into moaning, of course all in the rhythm of the music.<br /><br />Unmissable, unless you are one of the easily offended.
length: 16	I saw this at the London Film Festival last night, apparently the shorter version.
length: 14	James McNally's summary of the content of the film is very good.
length: 139	Nossiter very deftly blends his investigation of the wine business into wider concerns about globalisation, homogenisation, the effect of the mass media, the power of capital and the need for diversity.<br /><br />The film is shot on hand-held DV which some might find offputting, but which does enable Nossiter to catch people off guard on a number of occasions which probably would not have been possible using more conventional equipment.<br /><br />Despite the sprawling feel of the film, the editing is very sharp, not only giving us a parade of the world's dogs, but also undercutting a number of interviewees' comments with somewhat contradictory visual images, and giving others sufficient rope to hang themselves.
length: 66	To a degree this evoked Michael Moore's recent work (although Nossiter operates in a more subtle way), but probably the roots of the film go back to Marcel Ophuls' "The Sorrow and the Pity", both in the way the film is constructed and in the emergence of 'salt of the earth' French peasants as the stars.
length: 16	De Montille pere et fils were present at the LFF screening and answered questions afterwards.
length: 48	We do indeed all need a little disorder - bravo Hubert!<br /><br />Overall an excellent film with implications that go way beyond the world of wine into the way we construct ourselves as people, and organise our world.
length: 6	This movie was pure genius.
length: 5	John Waters is brilliant.
length: 26	It is hilarious and I am not sick of it even after seeing it about 20 times since I bought it a few months ago.
length: 13	The acting is great, although Ricki Lake could have been better.
length: 6	And Johnny Depp is magnificent.
length: 12	He is such a beautiful man and a very talented actor.
length: 14	And seeing most of Johnny's movies, this is probably my favorite.
length: 5	I give it 9.5/10.
length: 4	Rent it today!
length: 12	This movie is everything a Tenacious D fans can hope for.
length: 16	Director Liam Lynch partnered with The "D" is a concoction of epic proportions.
length: 39	Of course you need to understand the humour and format of Tenacious D. When I saw it there wasn't too many laughs from the audience but the reason is not a lack of humour or intelligent jokes.
length: 22	This movie seems to have been released on to an unsuspecting public that haven't familiarised themselves with the musical duo.
length: 10	This movie does stay true to it's roots.
length: 26	For the few of you who have seen the HBO TV series and heard the album, they have not forgotten what their audience loves.
length: 34	Like the TV show people have noticed from the trailer the JB and KG apartment scenes and of course the open Mic nights that each Tenacious D episode would start and finish with.
length: 53	The soundtrack is phenomenal and each song blows you away.<br /><br />...And Dave Grohl plays a fantastic Devil.<br /><br />This is the perfect movie for those of you looking for a hard time and a rocking musical.
length: 7	"Menace" is not funny.
length: 7	It tries hard - too hard.
length: 6	but rarely brings a smile.
length: 8	There is no acting, just mugging.
length: 16	One of the main characters wears a stupid grimace on his face the entire movie.
length: 44	No doubt as the less talented Wayans brothers starred, wrote and produced the film they were entirely blind to their lack of talent.<br /><br />Menace consists of a series of unfunny, one joke skits.
length: 19	The punchline can be seen a mile off, but you have to wait until it all unfolds.
length: 8	No zippy one-liners or snappy dialogue here.
length: 11	Just one scene after another building up to the joke.
length: 6	The jokes themselves are juvenile.
length: 44	Loc Dog (the one with the perma-grimace) talks to a beautiful woman - but then she has ... bad breath and then she picks her nose and then, wait for it (remember you must always w-a-i-t) she farts!
length: 5	How funny is that?
length: 20	Ten-year old boys may find it funny as they won't have heard the jokes as many times before.
length: 26	Alternatively, if you like watching movies completely drunk or stoned then you will be able to follow along and may even find it amusing.
length: 22	The challenge will be getting drunk enough to reduce your mental state to the level of the movie without passing out.
length: 40	This sequel to the above - and the final entry in the "Kharis" series - is slightly more enjoyable on the whole but it's also more contrived (hell, we even get a singing barmaid/hostess!
length: 106	): Peter Coe is easily the least charismatic of the various Egyptian high priests we've seen during the course of these films, and Martin Kosleck as his henchman seems uninterested in the proceedings; Kurt Katch, then, is saddled with a ridiculous accent as the man who discovers the newly reincarnated Princess Ananka: the latter, in the form of Virginia Christine (later a much-used character actress) gets her most substantial 'role' and, indeed, the sequence of her resurrection from the swamps is a highlight not only of this film but the entire series.
length: 51	Unfortunately, here too, Chaney has precious little to do as once again the emphasis is on Ananka, as I've said; his Mummy (to which he returned most often at Universal - apart, naturally, from his signature role of The Wolf Man!)
length: 14	remains, without a doubt, his least memorable monster for the studio.
length: 35	A holiday on a boat, a married couple, an angry waiter and a shipwreck is the reason to this films beginning.<br /><br />I like boobs.
length: 5	No question about that.
length: 43	But when the main character allies with whoever happens to have the most fish at the moment, mostly by having sex with them and playing the role of the constant victim, my anger just rises to a whole new level.
length: 72	Take two guys (a husband and another man), put a pure bombshell woman in the middle of them, ad a deserted island, subtract all her moral issues, ad a whole bunch of moral issues to the men and mix it in a big bowl of arguments, fish and a zippo lighter and you will come up with a piece of junk movie like this.
length: 18	<br /><br />The acting is, I would say, good.
length: 14	There are some bloopers but not many as far as i could see.
length: 8	The main female character makes me sick.
length: 10	This is due to her lack of moral values.
length: 11	The man with the most fish get's her attention.
length: 33	Even though one of them is her husband, she sees no problem with being unfaithful with (Manuel) the other man because "I must do it to survive".
length: 18	How can you justify having sex with another man for fish when your husband is 30feet away?
length: 9	And he won't even benefit from it?
length: 14	The female character has absolutely no problems to justify anything that she does.
length: 30	If she doesen't get approval for her actions, she's a victim.<br /><br />I recommend everyone to see this movie.
length: 22	This is the kind of movie that will make just about everything else you see this year a pleasant movie experience.
length: 12	I saw this last week during Bruce Campbell's book tour.
length: 6	I thought it was amazing.
length: 12	Almost everything I would expect from a Bruce Campbell sci-fi movie.
length: 6	Its campy and very funny.
length: 9	Ted Raimi was also hilarious and extremely goofy.
length: 16	The plot is wacky, an American business man goes to Bulgaria and is killed.
length: 25	Stacy Keach plays a mad scientist who saves/brings Bruce Campbell back to life by implanting half of the brain of an ex-KGB turned cabbie.
length: 25	Bruce Campbell spends the rest of the film trying to avenge his death and has many internal arguments between himself and the KGB agent.
length: 13	The movie has all the great Bruce Campbell slap stick and humor.
length: 24	The movie is somewhat predictable, I knew once the wife was killed that she would be sharing a brain with her killer.
length: 42	However I didn't go to see this movie because I thought it would have an Oscar winning script, I went to see it because it was a Bruce Campbell sci-fi movie and I was not disappointed in the least.
length: 24	I highly recommend that you go see him on his book tour or wait and watch it on the sci-fi channel next month.
length: 22	Although before the movie he said the Sci-Fi channel did cut some of the movie out to make it TV friendly.
length: 13	If you are a fan of Bruce, I highly recommend it.
length: 27	To begin with its a rip off of the Japanese film Battle Royal except it's missing the one thing that made BR unique, balls.
length: 38	It's a weak satire at best and as far as the real TV phenomena it attempts to comment on well everyone knows how warped and stupid that genre can be so why was this film made?
length: 73	As a veteran screen writing instructor at Richland College in Dallas and a former MGM screenwriter back in the days of decent films, I am thrilled to have accidentally clicked on Channel 33 in Dallas tonight and watched this enchanting film in which Betty White is GORGEOUS and makes one yearn for the good old days of truly good movies before Hollywood started banging out all this crap for the teenagers.
length: 71	If a producer is listening, I'd like to state that there are enough of us over 60's who will happily pay a buck to see a movie that has no guns, no killing, no special effects, no sex and violence and just a good touching tale of human relationships that leaves you with a good warm feeling, as this film did for me.
length: 146	"Night of the Hunted" stars French porn star Brigitte Lahaie.In fact,many of the cast members in this slow-moving production were porn actors at the time of its frantic filming.This film is certainly different than Rollin's usual lesbian vampire flicks,but it's not as memorable as for example "Lips of Blood" or "Fascination".Lahaie plays an amnesiac hitchhiker who can't remember who she is or where she came from.Most of the film takes place in a modern apartment complex,where Lahaie is being held by some kind of medical group that's treating a number of people with a similar condition.Anyway,she escapes from the monolithic office tower where the affected people are held.On a highway outside of town,she meets a young man,who stops and picks her up.
length: 71	"Night of the Hunted" offers plenty of nudity,unfortunately the pace is extremely slow.The atmosphere is horribly sad and the relationship between Brigitte Lahaie and another asylum inmate Dominique Journet is well-developed.Still "Night of the Hunted" is too dull to be completely enjoyable.Give it a look only if you are a fan of Jean Rollin's works.7 out of 10 and that's being kind.
length: 24	Snakes on a Train is a movie I rented due to the pure amusement of the thoughts I had, about the movie.
length: 29	Snakes on a Plane was an enjoyable Action film, so obviously the film makers wanted to cash in on the success, with this low budget effort.
length: 14	At 85 minutes, Snakes on a Train is almost unbearable to witness.
length: 24	I had to keep pausing the film to do something to entertain myself, due to the lack of happenings in the film.
length: 30	Throughout the duration of the film, it's never fully explained why this girl has this curse, or why she keeps coughing up this green/purplish goo constantly.
length: 27	Not only that, there is endless boring dialog of the two main characters, Brujo and Alma discussing how to get rid of the curse.
length: 7	I can appreciate low budget film-making.
length: 35	I'm truly not picky on movies, i'm open to any genre or budget, but Snakes On A Train is truly one of the worst Horror films I have ever seen.
length: 15	Were the writers on Acid or something at the end of this film?.
length: 11	Why did the woman suddenly turn into a giant snake?
length: 26	and most importantly how on earth was it able to devour the train?.<br /><br />Bottom line.
length: 16	Snakes on a Train is a movie that needs to be avoided at all costs.
length: 20	Don't be intrigued like I was by the title, this is a movie that's seriously bad.
length: 16	Let's put these snakes to rest<br /><br />0/10
length: 33	This second full-length Lone Ranger feature doesn't measure up to the 1956 classic but is a fine film with enough rough and tumble action and moves along at a good clip.
length: 29	The Ranger looks into a series of mysterious murders which have a sinister pattern to them with peaceful Indians being the victims of a gang of hooded killers.
length: 32	There are more killings and violence usually associated with Lone Ranger adventures and the film has an undercurrent of racial insensitivity, the comments of which are sprinkled throughout the screenplay.
length: 23	The Ranger uses disguises as only he can to piece together clues and expose the outlaw band and bring them to justice.
length: 24	Clayton Moore and Jay Silverheels star in a colorful presentation that shows the desert and cactus country of old Tucson to good advantage.
length: 33	The music score is good but the familiar William Tell Overture theme is nudged aside by vocals that are interesting but lack the flourish and beauty of the Ranger's traditional theme.
length: 55	I don't want to seem too much of a nitpicky spoilsport, but if the accidental death of a butterfly by a time traveler caused such an enormous change in the timeline, how could that be since the butterfly would have been incinerated by the pyroclastic blast of the erupting volcano anyway?
length: 36	And, how could time travelers keep going back to the same moments and not keep meeting up with their prior and later selves who were also at those same few minutes in the timeline?
length: 49	It seems there would have been quite a large crowd standing in front of that dinosaur charging.<br /><br />While i can accept the idea of a time wave, i seriously doubt the wave would have caused only a few changes.
length: 24	As the wave passed, all changes that would have happened, would have happened at once during the passage of that wave.
length: 15	So, scratch the idea of the city starting to become overgrown with jungle.
length: 6	And why jungle at all?
length: 55	The location of the city would have still been at the latitude and longitude it was before and would have had vegetation appropriate to its geographic place on Earth.<br /><br />And an endless list of other illogical inanities.<br /><br />Bwahahaha!
length: 31	This flick is a weird combination of some fairly decent production values and totally ridiculous plot holes and factual errors.<br /><br />Too bad.
length: 29	A terrific story idea that was botched up with silly science.<br /><br />Sigh... why, why, why, why?
length: 26	Why spend all that money on production and not even bother to proofread the screenplay to see if it made some sort of actual sense?
length: 83	After huge budget disaster films set in America like The Day After Tomorrow and Deep Impact, it was refreshing to see something on a smaller scale like Flood.<br /><br />Using mainly unknown actors and actresses and actually focusing on England it was a welcome change of pace to seeing The Empire State Building being demolished.<br /><br />However, this is not a strong film on any basis.
length: 61	Whilst being fairly shocking seeing all your favourite London landmarks being demolished by a very fake CGI storm surge, Flood doesn't really deliver on anything else.<br /><br />The performances are bland, being saved from the pit of hell by David Suchet and his refreshingly calm performance as the Deputy Priminister.
length: 79	He is perhaps a little too calm for what is going on in the film, all that fake water gushing around London must have made him pretty annoyed.<br /><br />It is understandable that the effects weren't going to be as good as TDAT and DI, but the CGI was at best, average.<br /><br />Bland, disappointing and sometimes even tiresome.
length: 13	Watch it if you must, but watch something else straight afterwards.
length: 11	Return to Frogtown was a hard film to track down.
length: 19	Well, I accomplished that mission and it had been sitting on the shelf for a good while.
length: 7	Wish it was kept that way!
length: 11	First, Sam Hell is of course not Roddy Piper.
length: 25	He is replaced by a dude with a large face, less charisma, and this poor actor is very soft-spoken for the part!
length: 10	Sam Hell is supposed to be rebellious and awesome.
length: 8	Here, he gets captured THREE times!
length: 9	What kind of a hero is that?!
length: 10	Spangle is replaced as well here by another actress.
length: 9	Why did we not get different characters here?
length: 4	This was stupid!
length: 14	Lou Ferrigno stars in this film and he is not even the hero.
length: 12	Common sense says let Lou be the hero of the film!
length: 12	Bad effects, poor acting, and just a forgettable film.
length: 18	Funny as they take shots at Ninja Turtles 2 with the whole concert scene in this movie.
length: 13	At least Ninja Turtles 2 was funny and not a bad movie!
length: 20	I really wanted to like Return to Frogtown, but I just cringed when the fight scenes would commence.
length: 9	This film makes Turtles 3 look like gold!
length: 20	Avoid this or you will be the one singing "meaner, greener, talking turtle TV dinner!"
length: 21	'The Big Snit' came into my life complete by accident and has left an indelible mark on my soul.
length: 18	A scar of love, destruction and pointlessness that will forever be a part of my life.
length: 7	This is tale of beautiful futility.
length: 7	We are helpless without each other.
length: 7	We are helpless against governmental wrong-doings.
length: 16	We are helpless as to the choices we all try to make when in love.
length: 14	Deaf to the mutterings and goings on of an world outside the window.
length: 6	Blind to an inevitable apocalypse.
length: 12	Dumb of the hatred and greedy opinions of an over-indulgent society.
length: 16	This is a tale of personal commitment and triumphant love defeating the ideologies of war.
length: 44	Their petty bickering is a sublime observation of human nature and of how love comes with it's pains and darkness Everyone has some irritating aspect to their personality and this is observed by the makers in the most simplistic and fantastic way.
length: 34	We travel only a short distance with the two main characters but are left wanting to complete our own journeys with a some of their simple,loving, honest philosophy in tow.
length: 14	I am so very glad that i exist in this 'our time'.
length: 19	Another 20 years either side of my birth date, and i would not have seen and felt....
length: 5	....The Big Snit.
length: 3	William White.
length: 2	Sheffield.
length: 23	This movie's basic premise is that everyone in the world can know that a person is gay except for that person.
length: 23	And that a man who likes show tunes, has good taste, and is neat in appearance MUST be a homosexual.
length: 33	Yes, the movie is funny in parts, but the basic premise is to homophobic and insulting that the entire movie crumbles into something that is quite painful to sit through.
length: 13	The performances, particularly Joan Cusak and Kevin Kline are very good.
length: 33	Apparently in early 2005, SciFi Channel threatened to release the incriminating photos they have of John Rhys-Davies and said, "We need you to star in another SciFi Original."
length: 15	The scary thing is, he's actually pretty damn good in this movie.
length: 29	That's really saying something since this is a silly SciFi creature feature; you've gotta put some feeling into it in order to be well-acted.
length: 6	Unfortunately, nobody else does.
length: 13	It's your stereotypical "moster-run-amok" movie on a cruise ship.
length: 59	The cryptozoologist wants to keep the creature alive, the Navy SEALs think they have everything under control but they don't know what they're dealing with and they all end up dead, a girl jumps into the "movie sexpot" role as Rhys-Davies' daughter and the creature mauls about 100 or so shipmates.
length: 26	What this movie has going for it is, it's VERY fast-paced and lively; you're never bored or waiting for another kill.
length: 47	Other than that, though, it does nothing to distinguish itself, and it's silly that this thing crawls all over the ceilings and can't be wounded by Navy SEAL machine guns, but can be karate-kicked into submission by Rhys-Davies' daughter.
length: 25	Kinda went back and forth on giving this bad boy a 5, but for the above silliness I'm giving it a 4.
length: 28	One of my favorites non-MGM musicals, it's a classic!> Rita Hayworth is in top form, her beauty leaps out of the screen.
length: 26	Gene Kelly shows off his dancing skills and introduces to musicals his edgy and innovative choreography that eventually would change the way musicals are choreograph.
length: 60	Phil Silvers is the perfect second bananas, and Eve Arden injects this movie with a lot of class.<br /><br /> The structure is so theatrical that one has to wonder why, in this era where major Broadway shows come from the movies, Cover Girl hasn't been adapted to theatre.
length: 27	Pretty dreadful movie about several unbalanced young people in a car starts off reasonably well but becomes more bizarre and hard to swallow as it progresses.
length: 28	Rachel Leigh Cook is the sole highlight in a tender and sexy performance, but I would recommend this film only to die-hard fans of the actress.
length: 24	*May be spoilers* No doubt one of the best dramas if not the best in the genre I've ever seen.
length: 10	Is Prot an alien or just a crazy bugger?
length: 14	This is the question you'll be asking yourself all throughout the movie.
length: 19	<br /><br />Kevin Spacey is simply amazing, as is Jeff Bridges.
length: 14	You can't beat this kind of acting plus some humour at times.
length: 12	Some of Kevin Spaceys actions in this movie are very funny.
length: 84	When he was up in the tree, for example, and when he was talking to the "queen" mental patient, the way he hid half his face around the wall and just stared.<br /><br />To simply put it, right from the start you'll be hooked, and if you really love drama's you won't be dissapointed.<br /><br />A solid 85%.
length: 21	Michael Allred's comic book stories, particularly his work on Madman, usually are a great deal of fun.
length: 38	"Astroesque," Allred's no-budget indy film, is the opposite of fun.<br /><br />Worst acting ever coupled with truly horrible dialog makes for a brutal cinematic experience.
length: 16	Pretty certain Allred understands WTF's going on, but he's the only one.
length: 58	Daring you to watch the entire mess isn't enough...defying you to watch the entire mess is more on target.<br /><br />"Astroesque" is some kind of movie tie-in to Allred's "Red Rocket 7" comic book, which, ironically, is mostly unreadable.
length: 45	So if your "Astroesque" experience isn't terrible enough definitely track down the over-sized comics and continue the fun.<br /><br />Felt sorry for Allred, who was totally out of his depth attempting a film.
length: 16	Also felt sorry for myself, what an incredible waste of my time and money.
length: 14	Please buy my VHS copy, which is available right now on eBay.
length: 3	Hurry up.
length: 17	Highly flawed but just about watchable `comedy' that runs like a Farrelly brothers reject.
length: 11	The most criminal thing about it though is the casting.
length: 49	I couldn't for one minute believe Jerry O Connell and Jake Busey in the role of superstuds, who could pull any woman at the drop of a hat, nor could I believe (the very beautiful) Shannon Elizabeth as a streetwise tough cop!.
length: 52	Story is predictable but does manage to raise a titter on a few occasions, although, the `gross out', meant to be `shock comic' scenes, (one involving an amputated testicle, and another set in a sperm bank) are just plain awful.
length: 27	If this film is on TV then its probably worth watching if you are extremely bored, but please don't waste your money renting it!
length: 1	!
length: 16	I taped this on Sundance and had no idea that it was a Miike film.
length: 98	I thought it was just another kung fu movie.<br /><br />Then I saw things like the dancing sax player <br /><br />who sounded like an Oriental Gato Barbieri, and I knew this had to be Miike.<br /><br />I missed the beginning opening credits and had to wait till the very end of the closing credits to see Miike's credits.<br /><br />So far he hasn't disappointed me yet.
length: 57	Audition, City of Lost Souls, Ichi the Killer and The Happiness of the Katakuries were all good flicks, and now I've found out that this was the third in a trilogy.<br /><br />Other than Miike and Todd Solendz there's nobody making interesting films nowadays.
length: 69	"Opera" is a great film with some wonderful,imaginative imagery.An opera singer(Cristina Marsillach)is being stalked by a killer who forces her to watch him murder everyone she knows by tying her up and taping needles under her eyes.This idea of the needles comes from the fact that Argento doesn't like it when people cover their eyes while watching his movies.
length: 71	"For years I've been annoyed by people covering their eyes during the gorier moments in my films.I film these images because I want people to see them and not avoid the positive confrontation of their fears by looking away.So I thought to myself 'How would it be possible to achieve this and force someone to watch most gruesome murder and make sure they can't avert their eyes?
length: 17	'The answer I came up with is the core of what "Opera" is about.
length: 56	"-says Argento.Plenty of suspense,wonderful cinematography and brutal,gory murders.One guy is stabbed in the throat with a knife causing a gushing wound,Daria Nicolodi gets shot in the eye while looking through the peephole,etc.For anyone who hasn't caught this one yet,give it a try.Highly recommended.
length: 19	When i saw the first octopus movie it was a laugh see the cheesy acting and appalling effects.
length: 16	This film seemed to make up for the acting, but not the special effects.
length: 17	After Jaws and Piranha, sure, why not make a film about a killer octopus?
length: 64	The octopus invades the New York waters, where 2 police investigators try stopping the rampaging beast before the 4th of July.<br /><br />A pretty clean plot and descent happenings but the octopus was pretty much appalling, its nice to see they actually made it this time but it looked like a piece of plastic...
length: 16	Better on a big budget really, this film could have been a good watch.
length: 46	There's a continuous amount of errors where it wouldn't surprise me if they didn't research the way octopus live...<br /><br />Watch this if you like cheap DVD sequels, otherwise your better watching Jaws.
length: 14	There are bad movies and then there are movies which are even worst.
length: 21	Saw is just that.<br /><br />The movie is simply bad on all points.
length: 54	The plot, the acting, the camera work, the music and everything else is absolutely terrible and I cannot begin to comprehend how such trash made it to the big screen.<br /><br />The simple fact is that Saw is riddled with plot holes.
length: 25	The beginning is enticing and leaves much to be expected but it does not hold up and the plot becomes absolutely ridiculous and absurd.
length: 17	The film is not creative and will not leave you with a single bit of credibility.
length: 64	People that claim that this movie is gory, violent, sadistic and scary are sissy girls who have nightmares after watching CSI because it is far from that.<br /><br />So I am warning you know, do not attempt to watch this if you have any form of intellect, because you will be disappointed.
length: 11	A true bore and a mediocre film as can be.
length: 26	After clocking up five seasons on the small screen from 1976-79, 'George & Mildred' transferred themselves to the big screen in mid 1980.
length: 23	Instead of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke retaining their roles as writers, Dick Sharples was brought on board as the writer.
length: 17	Sadly, this film adaption just did not seem to hit the spot with the public.
length: 2	Shame.
length: 12	I liked it, better than the series itself in fact.
length: 42	It was a guilty pleasure.<br /><br />'Mildred Roper' (Yootha Joyce) is keen to ascertain whether or not her slovenly husband 'George' (Brian Murphy) has remembered their wedding anniversary.
length: 54	Obviously, he hasn't, but to try and convince his wife otherwise he books a table at the restaurant where he proposed marriage to Mildred several years ago.<br /><br />Upon arriving at the restaurant, they find out that the place has changed hands.
length: 19	Eventually seeing through George's lies, Mildred insists that they celebrate their anniversary at a swanky hotel.
length: 56	Upon arriving at the hotel, George is mistaken by crook 'Harry Pinto' (Stratford Johns) for a ruthless hit-man, who wants a rival to be exterminated!<br /><br />Not an outstanding comedy as such but a good natured piece of fun all the same.
length: 42	Plans to revive the series after the film's showing were sadly terminated when Yootha Joyce died on 24th August 1980 of alcohol poisoning.<br /><br />Funniest moment- George talking to his favourite garden gnome.
length: 21	His neighbour, Tristram creeps up behind him and says ''I think its time we had a chat''.
length: 44	George, thinking it has developed the power of speech, drops the gnome in shock!<br /><br />Merry Christmas to fellow IMDb users, in particular 'AdamFontaine', 'Cyril Blake' and 'TheLittleSongBird'.
length: 5	Have a good one!
length: 47	"Summer of My German Soldier" was one of the many TV movies that became a staple of the small screen in the 1970s (others were "Brian's Song", "Sybil" and "Someone's Watching Me!").
length: 21	It portrays a Jewish girl (Kristy McNichol) befriending a German POW (Bruce Davison) in WWII-era Georgia.
length: 25	One of the things that the movie shows is that many of the German soldiers weren't really Nazis, but were just drafted.
length: 37	Watching the movie, I got a real sense of how things must have been in the South back then; I mean, can you imagine being a Jewish person accused of supporting the enemy?
length: 16	<br /><br />So, I certainly recommend this movie.
length: 14	I believe that it's always important to show the things portrayed here.
length: 18	Occasional overacting keeps the movie from being a full-scale masterpiece, but they usually do quite well.
length: 11	I hope that the movie eventually comes out on DVD.
length: 19	Also starring Esther Rolle and Michael Constantine (the "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" patriarch).
length: 18	I first seen this movie in the early 80s and we used to have it on betamax.
length: 24	As we all know, betamax went the way of the 8-trak tape, sigh, it really had nice picture quality too.
length: 23	Anyways, I'm glad I found this movie again, I've been searching for it for more than 10 years!
length: 22	This movie falls into the category of movies like Airplane: continuous jokes, oneliners, funny actions (bodylanguage).
length: 6	Mark Blankfield is absolutely hilarious.
length: 25	His transformation from the shy Dr. Daniel Jekyll into the sex-crazed partyanimal Mr. Hyde is unforgettable, complete with goldtooth, chesthair and goldchains.
length: 24	The part I loved best was when he hijacked the car from this poor guy and then drove to Madam Woo Woo's.
length: 7	Totally psychedelic experience without the drugs!
length: 13	If you need laugh therapy this is the movie to do it.
length: 21	When I first seen it, I had tears in my eyes and my belly was hurting from constantly laughing.
length: 12	This is a movie I could watch over and over again.
length: 5	I highly recommend it.
length: 28	I did enjoy watching Squire Trelane jerk around the crew in this episode, though after a while the whole thing just seemed a little too long.
length: 27	Sure, the histrionics were kind of funny for a while, and the ending was a pretty good way to wrap the whole thing together.
length: 31	I think the problem was that I enjoyed seeing Trelane when he was full of bravado and fun, the fun seemed to vanish when Trelane became vindictive and nasty.
length: 21	Talk about a mood killer--going from the obnoxious but affable host to the guy sentencing Kirk to death!
length: 14	But, despite this, the episode was enjoyable and worth my time.
length: 22	For die-hard Trekkies, this is a must-see, for others it's just a pretty run of the mill one.
length: 16	This film is worse than Cat People, which I saw during the same week.
length: 8	It has all the 80's style.
length: 28	MTV punk rockers, the real ones who are anti social, not todays PC commercial type, frat boys, and a bad guy called Splater.
length: 28	I really like Splater, and the film does that blue lighting 80's feel, but the rest of it looks like low budget Canadian schlop.
length: 27	I have seen so much of this while living in this great country, and realize these type of movies were made because of Tax breaks.
length: 5	Avoid at all costs.
length: 60	If I guess your "palabra", will you let me go through?- Asks William Geld, a Tim Robbins that keeps on acting like if they told him a fantastic joke and he is attempting not to laugh.<br /><br />He is trying to get to a forbidden area.
length: 33	The woman stopping him continues blabbering: -Your "palabra" is Carrefour.<br /><br />-How did you know?- the lady asks, surprised.
length: 18	He answers, in the name of Wisdom: -I was hearing when you weren't talking.
length: 17	:/<br /><br />Yes, this defines the movie.
length: 3	This precisely.
length: 25	It doesn't matter if Carrefour is "road conjunction" in french, or if the Future is coldly bureaucratic and mixes languages.
length: 41	Or if Samantha Morton has nothing, nothing of Spanish (Maria Gonzalez being her name in the film) with her Irish, Scotish whatever tone.<br /><br />It's boring and dull.
length: 34	If you fall in believing there are multiple symbolisms, you will buy the most bizarre, sickening love relationship ever, set in a future that may well be in seven seconds.
length: 15	I can guess this movie's palabra: it will be "painful".
length: 11	This movie was cheesy and it was more than that.
length: 18	It was about this guy who gets a curse on him and he turns into a gorilla.
length: 13	I had to see how bad it was because of the title.
length: 12	Before this guy turns into a gorilla, he gets married.
length: 24	I was a little upset because she wasn't a bride of a gorilla: she is now the wife of the gorilla.
length: 19	She should have married him when he was a gorilla then the title would have made more sense.
length: 19	There are all these people in the middle of the jungle too and they all want to leave.
length: 16	This isn't just a B movie, it's more like a Z movie.
length: 12	I didn't even see any bananas for a wedding gift.
length: 9	Oh, right he wasn't cursed yet.
length: 220	Turkish-German director Faith Akın ("Head-On" & "The Edge of Heaven") follows German musician and "Head-On" soundtrack composer Alexander Hacke of Einstürzende Neubauten to Istanbul for this documentary which delves into the modern music scene of the city from arabesque to indie rock and was screened out of competition at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival.<br /><br />Alexander Hacke makes for an amiable guide as he travels around Istanbul with a mobile recording studio and a microphone in hand where he runs into and records the likes of classic rocker Erkin Koray, rapper Ceza, Kurdish singer Aynur Doğan, Arabesque singer Orhan Gencebay and pop star Sezen Aksu as well as rock bands Baba Zula, Duman and Replikas.<br /><br />The director has pulled together a diverse collection of popular performers and ground-breaking acts from what was at the time a highly competitive short-list to give an eclectic account of modern Turkish music as seen from the streets of its cultural capital which will enchant and entertain even if at times it seems a little rushed and unfocused.<br /><br />"Music can reveal to you everything about a place."
length: 12	I've seen the previews everywhere before deciding to watch it.
length: 11	And what do you know, I actually liked it!
length: 11	It has a new twist of the 18th century england.
length: 25	Although the music in the dance scene were obviously modernized and also the colors of Liv Tyler's clothers (although it IS pretty!
length: 28	), it fit quite perfectly.<br /><br />If you just want a good time, you should check this out.
length: 9	Very different from other 18th century detailed films.
length: 18	This must be one of the most annoying, arrogant, poser films I've ever seen.
length: 8	What a waste of budget and actors.
length: 8	Angelopoulos has reached new levels of pretentiousness.
length: 22	It is clear there is virtually no plot, even if this part of Greek history is material for great movies.
length: 23	He simply had some supposedly symbolic (actually shambolic) scenes in his mind and he built a whole movie around them.
length: 37	Death is the main theme and is repeated ad nauseam, along with litanies, processions and the like, which should only be a vehicle for the movie but unfortunately it is the movie itself.
length: 15	A totally incoherent result, which can only leave you saying "huh?"
length: 9	or "oh dear" every two minutes.
length: 20	<br /><br />There is no character development at all, nada, zilch.
length: 22	I'm usually complaining about some movies having two-dimensional characters, but oh boy, he managed to create one-dimensional characters.
length: 13	This is irritating for us and degrading for some of the actors.
length: 18	He even managed to make one of my favourite Greek actors, Giorgos Armenis, seem wooden.
length: 23	<br /><br />And going to the core of Angelopoulos film-making: No we're not idiots.
length: 7	We do not want chewed food.
length: 11	Please someone tell this guy symbolism has to be subtle.
length: 15	Theo do you really underestimate your audience so much or you're simply incompetent?
length: 14	Personally, I think he tried to make a Greek "Underground".
length: 30	No matter how he tries, he can't reach Kusturica.<br /><br />Only saving grace: Photography, costumes and the music.
length: 18	Solo is an action movie about a Terminator-like android that is constructed and trained for the military.
length: 13	When a flaw is discovered, he is issued to be deprogrammed.
length: 24	Rather than face death, he chooses to flee into the jungles of Central America, where he takes refuge in a village.
length: 31	The military chases him into there, leading into a big action feast.<br /><br />Mario Van Peebles does a decent performance the android.
length: 13	His movements and gestures look mechanical enough to get the job done.
length: 14	Actual scientific realism is abandoned in order to make a good action hero.
length: 22	And it works out; the action scenes aren't that spectacular, but they aren't all too bad either.
length: 19	The acting from the other characters is pretty bad, but I was not expecting anything too good.
length: 27	The special effects were decent as well.<br /><br />Solo is decent as an action flick, but very forgettable.
length: 9	It lacks the substance that most movies possess.
length: 21	But if you just want to pass a couple hours without much thinking, this will get the job done.
length: 18	Joan Crawford is convincingly disfigured as our story starts, and of course she get fixed up.
length: 20	But she's a bad egg, exploiting one guy, while living out another guy's anti-social philosophy.
length: 13	All of this takes place in Sweden, which is truly bizarre.
length: 42	It causes anything and everything memorable in the visuals, which are freed from having to depict Anytown USA, but it makes a viewer wonder why every remake since is burdened and rendered unspecific by the need to Americanize everything.
length: 31	There is plot, plot, plot so chatty that you could drown in it, and making matters worse is a framing device that adds zilch to the movie.
length: 15	The photography is occasionally nice, with odd angles and miniatures incorporated quite well.
length: 11	But it's overwrought without ever once drawing you in.
length: 8	... or should I say unintentionally hilarious?
length: 18	Either way, this is one of the best comedies I've seen in a long time.
length: 20	I was laughing throughout at the antics of some of the dumbest fictional characters this side of Homer Simpson.
length: 138	It's just one forehead-slapping, painfully stupid scene after another as the clownish, dim-witted cardboard cutouts substituting for actual humanoid characters push, pull, and drag the "plot" to its inevitable and obvious conclusion.<br /><br />If I had to describe this movie to someone, I'd call it a mutated hybrid of Fatal Attraction, Dumb and Dumber, and the Three Stooges, with a "climax" uncannily similar to the episode of Family Guy in which the whole family gets into a knock-down fistfight in the living room.<br /><br />Advice to Benson family: next time you get a new pet, do the poor animal a favor and DON'T name it Fred!
length: 60	i just wanted to say i liked this movie a lot, but i also want to ask about something..does anyone know the artist/song name of the song that the young boy (cant remember his name now) plays on his cd-player when his dad and 2 men comes and takes the TV and the cd-player ?
length: 2	??
length: 37	that song is so freaking cool even though i cant understand a word what they're saying...feel free to mail me the artist/song name at hpn_x@hotmail.com thanks a lot in advance!!
length: 88	=) ---------------------repeating----------------------------- i just wanted to say i liked this movie a lot, but i also want to ask about something..does anyone know the artist/song name of the song that the young boy (cant remember his name now) plays on his cd-player when his dad and 2 men comes and takes the TV and the cd-player ?
length: 2	??
length: 37	that song is so freaking cool even though i cant understand a word what they're saying...feel free to mail me the artist/song name at hpn_x@hotmail.com thanks a lot in advance!!
length: 2	=)
