unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli .
.
.
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
we don't even like their characters .
we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine .
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
the film .
.
.
presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men .
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation .
.
.
well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke .
over and over again .
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
too bad none of it is funny .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
it's a sight to behold .
nothing but an episode of smackdown !
in period costume and with a bigger budget .
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
" what really happened ? "
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
" one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? "
um .
.
isn't that the basis for the entire plot ?
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
we get the comedy we settle for .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view .
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll .
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . "
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything .
when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
this is one of mr .
chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
yes , soar .
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs .
robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .
one funny popcorn flick .
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
.
.
.
hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around .
wait to see it then .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
when the violence actually shocked ?
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
it collapses when mr .
taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .
there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
and yet , it still works .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
alas , another breathless movie about same !
