length: 7	unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
length: 20	a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't .
length: 11	working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli .
length: 1	.
length: 1	.
length: 16	ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
length: 25	it may not be particularly innovative , but the film's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
length: 24	such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
length: 10	the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
length: 8	we don't even like their characters .
length: 27	we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine .
length: 21	the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
length: 7	marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
length: 13	an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
length: 29	it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
length: 3	the film .
length: 1	.
length: 1	.
length: 13	presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ?
length: 26	the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
length: 41	as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction .
length: 13	there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
length: 17	and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men .
length: 17	fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation .
length: 1	.
length: 1	.
length: 23	well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
length: 23	the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
length: 14	a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
length: 25	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
length: 23	what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
length: 28	director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
length: 14	the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
length: 17	goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
length: 11	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
length: 10	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
length: 13	death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke .
length: 5	over and over again .
length: 20	i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
length: 11	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
length: 26	a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
length: 16	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
length: 26	if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
length: 31	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
length: 24	one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
length: 8	too bad none of it is funny .
length: 13	the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
length: 15	less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
length: 14	master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
length: 8	a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
length: 11	a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
length: 20	pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
length: 15	an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
length: 15	in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .
length: 15	steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
length: 16	a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
length: 29	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
length: 18	a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
length: 21	even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
length: 28	an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .
length: 23	the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
length: 15	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
length: 20	manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
length: 32	twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
length: 7	a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
length: 22	caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
length: 7	it's a sight to behold .
length: 7	nothing but an episode of smackdown !
length: 9	in period costume and with a bigger budget .
length: 9	too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
length: 6	" what really happened ? "
length: 20	is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
length: 18	supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
length: 40	you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
length: 22	connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
length: 32	cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
length: 11	a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
length: 18	" one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? "
length: 2	um .
length: 1	.
length: 10	isn't that the basis for the entire plot ?
length: 24	yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
length: 8	we get the comedy we settle for .
length: 16	charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
length: 13	much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
length: 8	a movie of riveting power and sadness .
length: 32	franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
length: 29	tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
length: 27	the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view .
length: 16	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
length: 23	[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll .
length: 25	symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
length: 38	if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . "
length: 16	i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
length: 11	this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything .
length: 11	when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
length: 21	it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
length: 20	and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
length: 17	it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references .
length: 6	this is one of mr .
length: 13	chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
length: 20	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
length: 4	yes , soar .
length: 26	[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
length: 13	and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
length: 10	the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made .
length: 9	you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
length: 14	a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs .
length: 14	robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
length: 22	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .
length: 5	one funny popcorn flick .
length: 27	a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
length: 19	a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
length: 12	a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
length: 30	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
length: 1	.
length: 1	.
length: 1	.
length: 15	hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around .
length: 6	wait to see it then .
length: 12	leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
length: 23	a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .
length: 24	this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
length: 26	the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
length: 7	remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
length: 8	when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
length: 6	when the violence actually shocked ?
length: 8	when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
length: 16	sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
length: 23	there's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
length: 24	ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
length: 17	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
length: 5	it collapses when mr .
length: 12	taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .
length: 12	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
length: 7	and yet , it still works .
length: 8	ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
length: 8	alas , another breathless movie about same !
